README.md, before:

# UST Freshmen Chatbot by Project Group 18

Everyone should fork this repository before attempting to make changes (by Sung Kim).

## How to fork? (in case you don't know)

Click + from the left sidebar and choose "Fork this repository".

### Oct 12 - Milestone 1
- Proposal Features (Functional Specification) of the chatbot
- Interview/Focus Group meeting record
- Focus Group meeting evident
---
### Nov 3 - Milestone 2
- Implement at least half number of features
- Architecture design in UML
- Evident of pull request, merge, commit log from bitbucket
- Approval of change of requirement if any
---
### Nov 20 - Milestone 3
- A bitbucket repository containing their code.
- Rational of change of architecture design, if any
- A LINE bot account ID that allows TA to test and grade.
- Test suites and the result.
- Documentation of their code
- Evident of using project management software
- Evident of fulfillment of the proposed feature
- Evident of fulfillment of the new client’s requirement
---
### Nov 28 / 30 - Presentation
---
### Links
[Project Overview](https://course.cse.ust.hk/comp3111/tutorial/project-slide-0920.pdf)
[Topic 3 Guideline](https://github.com/khwang0/2017F-COMP3111/blob/master/Project/topic%203/project%20guideline.md)
[Lab 1](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab1.md)
[Lab 2](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab2.md)
[Lab 3](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab2.md)
[Git](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/git.pdf)
[Basic Java](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/conversion_from_cpp_to_java.pdf)
[Database](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/simpleDBcommand.pdf)
[Spring Framework](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/spring.pdf)

Commit message:

added QR code in README.md Everyone please scan the QR code and add our teambot as friend

README.md, after:

# UST Freshmen Chatbot by Project Group 18

Everyone should fork this repository before attempting to make changes (by Sung Kim).

## How to fork? (in case you don't know)

Click + from the left sidebar and choose "Fork this repository".

---

## IMPORTANT

Everyone please scan the following QR code and add our team chatbot as friend
![QR code](https://qr-official.line.me/M/xMDv53tZAe.png)

---

### Oct 12 - Milestone 1
- Proposal Features (Functional Specification) of the chatbot
- Interview/Focus Group meeting record
- Focus Group meeting evident
---
### Nov 3 - Milestone 2
- Implement at least half number of features
- Architecture design in UML
- Evident of pull request, merge, commit log from bitbucket
- Approval of change of requirement if any
---
### Nov 20 - Milestone 3
- A bitbucket repository containing their code.
- Rational of change of architecture design, if any
- A LINE bot account ID that allows TA to test and grade.
- Test suites and the result.
- Documentation of their code
- Evident of using project management software
- Evident of fulfillment of the proposed feature
- Evident of fulfillment of the new client’s requirement
---
### Nov 28 / 30 - Presentation
---
### Links
[Project Overview](https://course.cse.ust.hk/comp3111/tutorial/project-slide-0920.pdf)
[Topic 3 Guideline](https://github.com/khwang0/2017F-COMP3111/blob/master/Project/topic%203/project%20guideline.md)
[Lab 1](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab1.md)
[Lab 2](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab2.md)
[Lab 3](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/lab2.md)
[Git](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/git.pdf)
[Basic Java](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/conversion_from_cpp_to_java.pdf)
[Database](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/simpleDBcommand.pdf)
[Spring Framework](https://github.com/khwang0/Line-chatbot-for-COMP3111/blob/master/docs/tutorial/spring.pdf)
